my next guest is an expert in all things
for roaches he has a new show called big
small and deadly it premieres Tuesday
night on Animal Planet please welcome
the Canadian Tarzan Dave Salmoni is one
of the scary scene in my life this is an
alligator snapping turtles have a seat
these guys okay so open mouth so in
character right so the right
the cool thing before I put him down let
me show you inside his mouth you see
that little pink thing yeah it is his
tongue oh and it's supposed to look like
a worm so when these guys hunt I'm gonna
put him down he does look like a worm
right no so the things think it's a worm
yes so this is that go by the way oh it
goes very fast oh jeez
so if they can't see that the worm is
connected to a giant turtle right if you
look he's got algae and things growing
on so it's the perfect camouflage yeah
you can come over I just watch enjoy
stays so yeah what they'll do is they'll
stick through the mouth that's something
I'll come by now let me show you
Jim and I are gonna go sit in the
audience so then you want to see how it
uses that big mouth yeah I guess but
yeah yes yeah now that looks terrible I
couldn't take my finger right off why
don't you grab a celery stick for me
okay Jim did you want to grab a saw and
I'll give it to him Oh what he's picky
about your hands here ish uh-huh yep oh
no I just like that makes a good noise
oh right in there
okay oh my god
that is the snapping version Jim do you
want to try that so much a raptor than I
thought oh here big now let's get I
really like celery grab the carrot have
the carrot this time okay give him a
carrot yeah okay good boy now same thing
don't get your fingers too close come
around to over here so I can watch you
come over here to me Jim Can I grab your
arm there you go okay
because I don't want you to get to
publish okay now give it to him why is
it so angry
it's a snapping turtle so you know it's
snapping it's angry it's kind of right
in the knee okay we weren't criticizing
you thank you so much I'll put that here
wow that's like all muscle that think
this guy's SuperDuper strong so what do
you think so come feel the back here
dude if you want this back way back
there you go why did he just about you
how did he he does yeah he's gonna bite
you if you put your hand anywhere in
this wheelhouse really for sure and
these guys are strong if you saw how
fast you went through that he'll he'll
take a finger I think hey where do they
live anywhere in North America if you'd
like they live on desks it's natural
can you pick this up for me
[Laughter]
let me talk to the audience for a second
[Applause]
why isn't it chewing the food he only
gets me those things are not tonight
even bite it Hey
so look at the field isn't angry that we
tried to feed a vegetable sir this guy's
adapted right away I'm gonna tell you
cool things about this I promise how
heavy is that right now he's about 50
pounds he can get over 200 he's always
gonna grow one of the ways to sort of
tell they kind of the growing all the
time they're one of the ways to tell how
healthy they are is as to how big
they're gonna get one of the interesting
things about these guys they're really
susceptible to environmental problems
right so if you know global warming is a
real big problem for them
pollution pesticides you know it
singeing you look this thing he looks
like a dinosaur he's evolved and he
hasn't had to change forever and yet now
all of a sudden we're destroying its
habitat he's having mad he's mad hey guy
um I'm trying to help you over here so
don't get mad at me don't snap at me
okay why don't you grab him some meat he
loves a bit of meat it's alright use the
tongue so you want Peter fingers thank
for bringing Tom no problem now he is a
carpet he may actually eat this because
you're like only guests that brings
tongs there you go you're lucky hey do
we need mustard or anything it's got a
little sour crack oh oh you like that
that's more like really likes he likes
to me he's it yeah oh this guy can eat
pretty much anything can overpower if it
goes near that mouth he'll grab a hold
of it and then what what would go after
it so good question if you felt that big
strong thing this is how he carries it
around at a small size oh they have
predator problems but at this problem
that this age it's only us as humans
that really cause this guy any problem
again you say North America but where
[Laughter]
all right yeah oh thank you thanks again
for bringing the yeah okay yeah oh my
god he wants to kill everyone all right
yeah let's get some of this stuff up
okay all right all right what we have to
Purell now right yeah Purell all right
Jim you should Purell to anybody that's
touch this thing we here Jim here so did
I write for you okay wow I thought I
wasn't gonna be terrified yeah well I
think you are things going now very
pretty look at this demonic presence
thank you yes is a spectacle now now
it's a young one so sit on your chair I
lost your chair look so confused so sit
sit down just cuz we're it's just a baby
we want to make sure it's all has a fun
day today and it's super calm so the
slower the movements we do okay he
doesn't want that yeah that's not like
hot dogs
feed this guy oh he he's just a little
guy although you know who knows maybe he
likes hot dogs because they are
carnivores they do like to hunt so I
told you as a spectacled out you look
nervous it looks like he's wearing an
owl costume so interestingly this guy's
feathers very unique because he lives in
like Central and South America where
it's very very warm and travel areas so
his feathers are definitely much
different than some of the owls that you
might have seen me bring on before yeah
now like if Jim had feathers that's what
they were that's like right yeah now
look maybe look so I'm gonna twist my
wrist just a touch your sweet hurt now
those are those big talents these guys
are great hunters hi big guy where you
going hey the good guy it's tied to that
rope right here oh he's only a baby
he's just looking around oh but this is
actually how he's gonna hunt he's gonna
go up a big tree where they has lots to
look around and he uses that head he can
turn his head 270 degrees what's his
name does he have one um how about Jim
they all have names I just forget Jim
there's a turtle over and back in the
area where you might want to turtle
snack on
don't they have really good hearing to
no vibration I mean Al's or turtles but
owls have good hearing
owls ya know to owls owls have been for
sure yeah owls can hear outside a bird
no no hearing is good enough they use
vocal communication as a way to
communicate so these guys have a really
unique noise that they make it we all
use to hoo-hoo but these guys are more
like a tweeting whistling mark okay do a
little of that for us my god sure he
does it okay let's take a commercial
break Salmoneus here we'll be right back
big small and deadly what is that big
small and deadly is you know a
celebration of animals it's all my
favorite animals it's all the favorite
stories I know about them we went out to
Africa and shot a little bit we do
everything from jellyfish killer whales
big predators predators and India
predators in Africa literally is what we
do here where we like my nightmare job
it's just kind of showing like we try to
do here hey this is an animal we love it
we want to conserve it here are my
favorite things about it as man this is
just a long-form version of that very
good and now this is escape I gotta tell
you I like I don't obviously I don't
want to get squirted by a skunk but I
look at skunks outside my house and I go
that's a beautiful they always seem well
groomed and and they do they have this
wonderful good I can let you touch her
if you wanna give her a little pat pat
there you go I can let you give her a
little pat pat and there's this one have
the smell thing go yeah let me have the
scent I mean usually that's a defense
right so she's gonna go after a predator
if it's nervous she has these black and
white stripes and they can you put some
of those on the table there ya was and
they're a warning to predators is hey if
you happen to come near me I'm gonna
spray you and the black and white is
just a big hey it's the warning sign
that you get before and the spray comes
out of where it's pee so it comes out of
the back end here it's pee it's B so it
has chemicals in its be that make it
stink really really bad how did I know
see some use of probiotic yeah
and so that when they say you've been
sprayed it's you've actually been beat
up Wow and what it does it tells the
Predators hey those predators now if
they get sprayed by a skunk on your
stink for a week and there we have a
hard time hunting because everything
they Oh look to kill all trust we're
gonna smell it coming and it also isn't
pleasant oh well thank you for bringing
the animals I'm sorry we're gonna have
time for the toucan but with the toucan
will be rescheduled with Matt Damon yeah
I want to thank Dave big small and
deadly is a show at premieres August
20th on Animal Planet and Jim Gaffigan
as well thank you fellas
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape